# IUT (2012 - 2014)
This repository contains all the codes of little or big projects at the IUT of
Vannes between 2012 and 2014. Use it to get some help or to have one idea of a
solution but **please don't just copy/paste stupidly**, it may help you on the
moment but surely not over the long term.

Ce dépôt contient tous mes codes des projets que j'ai pu effectuer à l'IUT de
Vannes entre 2012 et 2014. Veuillez l'utiliser à bon escient pour avoir un
exemple de solution ou vous aider un peu mais s'il vous plaît, **ne copiez pas
bêtement**, ça dépannerais potentiellement sur le moment mais sûrement pas sur
le long terme.

The vast majority of the code was created by me, however **some may have been
provided by teachers and others produced by students** who worked in group with
me, in those case credits and property belongs to them. The code fully developed
by myself is licensed under the MIT license which you can find a copy further.
**If you have complaints about some parts of this repository, feel free to
contact me**.

La plupart du code présent dans ce dépôt a été développé par moi-même, cependant
**certains ont été fournis par des enseignants et d'autres par des étudiants**
lors de travaux en groupe, dans ces cas les crédits et la propriété leur
revient. Le code entièrement développé par moi-même est sous la licence MIT dont
une copie est présente ci-dessous. **Si vous avez des plaintes liées à certaines
parties de ce dépôt, n'hésitez pas à me contacter**.


# MIT Licensed
```
Copyright 2017 Andriamilanto Tompoariniaina

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
```
